Xie Sui
That one last night
No.
He was hurt by me
Impossible to come out and hurt people again
Yu Qing disappeared last night
Could it be the evil one who covered the water and rain?
Ah rain
Qing must have been robbed by the evil sin in the mirror
The body was taken away by that resentment
Now only by finding him can we find out the truth
Do you still recognize me?
Who cares?
The village we broadcast live last night, Fengmen Village
The village was painted overnight
Hahaha
This is a once-in-a-lifetime hype mat.
Assistant Xu, catch this wave of traffic
Hurry up and contact other live streaming hosts.
The live broadcast of Fengmen Village is not allowed to stop.
This time we forwarded it hahahaha.
You are crazy. It is a sin to close the village
At this time, you are going to die.
Oh, dear.
The more people die
The more traffic, hahahaha.
Why did you throw it away?
Go, go.
Hello boss su
This is hey, brother, hey.
Oh, this is money but not life.
Master, what should I do about Yuqing?
Want to find Yuqing
It seems that I have to go to Fengmen Village
Oh, dear.
Hey
What are you doing?
We are here to find Yuqing
Excuse me?
There is a case in Fengmen Village
It's been blocked.
How about us?
Invited the world's most famous paranormal live streaming host Brother Biao
It's live inside.
Outsiders are not allowed to disturb
Is it already blocked?
Why can he get in?
Excuse me?
I don't have special approval.
Ah!
Assistant Xu?
Get your people out
Otherwise, I will die for sure.